Added new HTTP Cookie authorization method (#98)
yiisoft/auth: README.md

    ->withParameterName('token');
```

> ### HTTP Cookie authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HTTP cookie authentication
```

```php
$authenticationMethod = (new \Yiisoft\Auth\Method\HttpCookie($identityRepository))
    ->withCookieName('access-token');
```

> Typical authorization for websites with storing a token in browser cookies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typical authentication for websites by storing a token in a browser cookie.
```
